Update count-messages (ksqlDB), first-kafka-streams-application (Kafka Streams), deserialization-errors (ksqlDB) (#25)
confluentinc/tutorials: count-messages/ksql/README.md

# Count the number of messages in a topic

It can be useful to know how many messages are currently in a topic, but you cannot calculate this directly based on the offsets, because you need to consider the topic's retention policy, log compaction, and potential duplicate messages. In this example, we'll take a topic of pageview data and see how we can count all the messages in the topic. Note that the time complexity for this tutorial is O(n) (linear); processing time will depend on the number of messages in the topic, and large data sets will require long running times.

## Setup

First, create a stream over the topic you're interested in counting the number of records.

```sql
CREATE STREAM pageviews (msg VARCHAR)
  WITH (KAFKA_TOPIC ='pageviews',
        VALUE_FORMAT='JSON');
```
Note that at this stage we’re just interested in counting the messages in their entirety, so we define the loosest schema possible, `msg VARCHAR`, for speed.

> Also, you'll need to specify for ksql start from the beginning of the topic so that all messages are included in the count:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you'll need to configure ksqlDB to start from the beginning of the topic so that all messages are included in the count:
```
